    For my final project, I want to find out how news coverage in the Stanford Daily compares to the Stanford Report. The Stanford Daily is an independent student-run newspaper while the Stanford Report is more like PR news, produced by employees of the Stanford Communications department. Each morning the Stanford Report is sent via an email blast to subscribers. I’m curious about how the content differs and what kinds of topics and issues the Daily prefers to report on versus the Report. I feel like some of these differences could be highlighted using data and programming.
    I looked up the archives of the Stanford Report, and there is a pretty simplistic pattern for URLs that can be automatically curled back to 2009. I would only be able to get the headlines for the Report because there is no pattern that I can operate a loop on for the full article URL. The Stanford Daily has a pretty complicated archives system, so my thought was to gather their headlines using their Twitter profile. The Daily tweets their news out every day. I can get data through Twitter back to 2011 for the Daily.
    What I do with all the headlines is something I’m still thinking about. The most obvious idea to me is to count up the top 15 used words 5 letters or longer for both publications’ headlines. Comparing the lists could be an interesting measure of the differences between the two. Additionally, I thought it could be cool if whoever is running the script can input a word/topic/issue and the program would run through both of the archives to count up how often that topic was mentioned in the headlines since 2011 or 2009.
    My proposal may be too simplistic in scope. If so I will continue to think about other variations of this idea.
